good morning beeps we are in Leipzig at
Felix's place and today we have to get a
load of stuff sorted I have to bring
this package to the post I have to get
my hair done we have to buy some shoes I
think Felix's shoes now messed up we
have to buy some new stuff and we have
to get several other soft sorted so
let's get going right now
so if felix has his package now no my
one's gone everything's safe and now we
can head back home and see what's inside
that was honestly the most worst boy he
had until now yeah these are just
getting himself ready because he's gonna
do an unboxing video which will do a
small behind the scene so you can see
how he does it but I'm here in the
kitchen is hitting up some stuff we've
got some meat and some broccoli quite a
lot really and I'm just gonna cook so
strange me seeing me cooking but yes I
actually am cooking okay so let's get
into this valid to me you're much too
early what the guy said we should be the
life screw in ten minutes
see so guys I totally forgot to tell you
we have a live stream we have to do and
phases into a video I shouldn't really
be saying this but I'm actually enjoying
the cooking and the board's seeing the
food being good I'm actually doing some
spit I prepare the sauce where I'm going
to be a chef good now why is he laughing
so much guys I totally up take
yourself
hopefully we're gonna leave it with you
better leave it with the cookie yeah
check this out
Felix give us a quick tour from your new
set of what you've just set up for your
unboxing videos okay so show us what
you've got here okay my unboxing setup
which I use for I have a little table
right here which is quite fake because
it isn't really a wood table it's just a
white table or some cheap stuff for me
this makes it look like wood I have my
main camera yeah I have two 7s from Sony
with an azimuth Shogun 4k video recorder
like at the top so I can shoot in 4k I
have a second camera which is the annex
500 from Samsung which also shoots 4k
for my product shots I have a microphone
the rode ntg-2 which has great sound and
softbox and that's basically and this is
the product he's gonna unbox a
smartphone so definitely check out on
your channel there 1+2 1+2 and we're
gonna see what it can do by the way this
is a sigma 24 to 70 millimetres 2.8 lens
with an adapter so it can fit to a sony
email system yeah so let's check out is
on bottom and obviously the famous light
we're finished with the unboxing video
or felix is finished and here's the
phony unboxed 1+2 isn't it well just to
get realistic so it's the free it's a
cool fine I think it's quite heavy but
it looks really sleek and I get we have
to go into the stream now something was
going wrong is it
so guys there is again no Jake stakes I
thought this day wouldn't be that
amazing but I was just doing the
blogging stuff and everything because it
was so much to do we had so many plans
yeah we didn't know what we wanted to do
so you have we have we didn't get a
haircut we didn't get new shoes we
basically just at the unboxing video and
half of the livestream and that's it
yeah so I don't know but it was stress
anyway
we weren't bored at all yeah true true
anyway it doesn't really matter because
it wasn't life important stuff so we're
gonna go to bed now
because we have to leave early in the
morning to Berlin and Valentin is going
to do some video shoots and most of them
we are going to do some other exciting
stuff but you will see that tomorrow in
the next video so anything I want to say
see you guys tomorrow we have a package
here and we gotta call it to the
government of wow this is the amazing
unboxing knife which philips uses for
all of these videos for self protection
I shouldn't really say this but I'm
actually enjoying the cooking trying to
pull but now I know at home I have to do
the cooking what's done with this rapist
and obviously comes on token and
obviously the famous knife focus